push typeone
push typeone
sub typeone typefive
xor typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
cmp typeone typefive
je typeseven
call typesix
movsxd typeone typeone
imul typeeight
mov typeone typeone
shr typeone typefive
shr typeone typefive
add typeone typeone
lea typeone typethree
sub typeone typeone
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typeone
xor typeone typeone
call typesix
movsxd typeone typeone
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
xor typeone typeone
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
test typeone typeone
setne typeeight
lea typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
cmove typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typeone
add typeone typefive
pop typeone
pop typeone
ret
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
xor typeone typeone
call typesix
cs typefour
nop