endbr64
push typeone
mov typeone typeone
add typeone typefive
mov typeone typeeight
mov typethree typeone
xor typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
cmp typethree typefive
jne typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
call typesix
movsxd typeone typeone
imul typeeight
shr typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
sar typeone typefive
sub typeone typeone
mov typethree typeone
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
add typeone typeone
add typeone typeone
sub typeone typeone
mov typethree typeone
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
cdqe
lea typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
cdqe
lea typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
test typeone typeone
je typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typethree
sub typeone typeeight
je typeseven
call typesix
leave
ret