endbr64
push typeone
xor typeone typeone
push typeone
sub typeone typefive
mov typeone typeeight
mov typethree typeone
xor typeone typeone
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
cmp typeone typefive
je typeseven
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typefive
movsxd typeone typeone
cdq
imul typeeight
shr typeone typefive
sub typeone typeone
lea typeone typethree
sub typeone typeone
mov typeone typeone
movsxd typeone typeone
xor typeone typeone
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typefive
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
xor typeone typeone
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typethree
call typesix
test typeone typeone
je typeseven
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typethree
sub typeone typeeight
jne typeseven
add typeone typefive
pop typeone
pop typeone
ret
nop
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
xor typeone typeone
call typesix
nop typefour
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
xor typeone typeone
jmp typeseven
call typesix