endbr64
push typeone
lea typeone typethree
sub typeone typefive
mov typeone typeeight
mov typethree typeone
xor typeone typeone
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
xor typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
test typeone typeone
je typeseven
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
sar typeone typefive
shr typeone typefive
add typeone typeone
and typeone typefive
sub typeone typeone
add typeone typefive
cmp typeone typeone
je typeseven
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
xor typeone typeone
mov typeone typethree
sub typeone typeeight
jne typeseven
add typeone typefive
pop typeone
ret
nop typefour
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
jmp typeseven
nop typefour
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
xor typeone typeone
jmp typeseven
call typesix
nop typetwo