push typeone
sub typeone typefive
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typetwo
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typeone
xor typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
test typeone typeone
cmovns typeone typeone
and typeone typefive
neg typeone
add typeone typeone
add typeone typefive
cmp typeone typeone
lea typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
cmove typeone typeone
sete typeeight
test typeone typeone
setne typeeight
lea typeone typethree
cmovne typeone typeone
and typeeight typeeight
movzx typeone typeeight
call typesix
mov typeone typeone
add typeone typefive
pop typeone
ret
cs typefour
nop typefour