endbr64
push typeone
mov typeone typeone
sub typeone typefive
mov typeone typeeight
mov typethree typeone
xor typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
cqo
shr typeone typefive
add typeone typeone
and typeone typefive
sub typeone typeone
add typeone typefive
mov typethree typeone
mov typethree typefive
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
cmp typethree typefive
jne typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
cmp typeone typethree
jne typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typethree typefive
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
sub typeone typeeight
je typeseven
call typesix
leave
ret