push typeone
mov typeone typeone
sub typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
cqo
idiv typeone
add typeone typefive
mov typethree typeone
mov typethree typefive
lea typeone typethree
mov typeeight typefive
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typetwo
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
cmp typethree typefive
jne typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeeight typefive
call typesix
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
cmp typeone typethree
jne typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeeight typefive
call typesix
mov typethree typefive
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeeight typefive
call typesix
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typefive
pop typeone
ret