push typeone
mov typeone typeone
sub typeone typefive
mov typethree typeone
mov typethree typefive
mov typethree typefive
lea typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
cmp typeone typefive
jne typeseven
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typeone
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
cmp typeone typefive
je typeseven
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typefive
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
cmp typethree typefive
jne typeseven
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
call typesix
xor typeone typeone
call typesix
cs typefour
nop typefour