endbr64
push typeone
mov typeone typeone
sub typeone typefive
mov typethree typeone
mov typeone typeeight
mov typethree typeone
xor typeone typeone
mov typethree typefive
mov typethree typefive
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
cmp typethree typefive
jne typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typeone
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
test typeone typeone
je typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typefive
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
cmp typethree typefive
jne typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
call typesix