endbr64
push typeone
mov typeone typeone
sub typeone typefive
mov typethree typeone
mov typeone typethree
mov typethree typeone
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
movzx typeone typetwo
cmp typeeight typefive
jne typeseven
mov typeone typethree
mov typetwo typefive
jmp typeseven
call typesix
mov typeone typetwo
mov typeone typethree
movzx typeone typetwo
movsx typeone typeeight
add typeone typeone
add typeone typeone
movzx typeone typetwo
movzx typeone typeeight
and typeone typefive
test typeone typeone
jne typeseven
mov typeone typethree
movzx typeone typetwo
cmp typeeight typefive
jne typeseven
add typethree typefive
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
movzx typeone typetwo
test typeeight typeeight
jne typeseven
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
leave
ret