push typeone
mov typeone typeone
sub typeone typefive
mov typethree typeone
mov typeone typethree
mov typethree typeone
mov typeone typethree
movsx typeone typetwo
cmp typeone typefive
je typeseven
mov typeone typethree
movsx typeone typetwo
cmp typeone typefive
jne typeseven
mov typeone typethree
mov typetwo typefive
jmp typeseven
call typesix
mov typeone typetwo
mov typeone typethree
movsx typeone typetwo
movsxd typeone typeone
movzx typeone typethree
and typeone typefive
cmp typeone typefive
jne typeseven
mov typeone typethree
movsx typeone typetwo
cmp typeone typefive
jne typeseven
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typefive
mov typethree typeone
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typeeight typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
add typeone typefive
pop typeone
ret
nop typetwo