push typeone
mov typeone typeone
sub typeone typefive
lea typeone typethree
mov typeeight typefive
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
cmp typethree typefive
jne typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeeight typefive
call typesix
xor typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typethree typeeight
movsx typeone typethree
cmp typeone typefive
je typeseven
movsx typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typeeight typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typethree typeeight
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeeight typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typefive
pop typeone
ret
nop typethree