endbr64
sub typeone typefive
push typefive
push typefive
mov typeeight typefive
mov typeeight typefive
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typefive
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeeight typefive
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typefive
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
call typesix
add typeone typefive
ret