endbr64
push typeone
mov typeone typeone
sub typeone typefive
mov typethree typeone
mov typethree typeone
mov typeone typeeight
mov typethree typeone
xor typeone typeone
mov typethree typefive
mov typethree typefive
cmp typethree typefive
jne typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typethree typeone
mov typethree typefive
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
mov typethree typefive
add typethree typefive
cmp typethree typefive
jbe typeseven
mov typeone typethree
or typeone typefive
mov typethree typeone
mov typethree typefive
mov typethree typefive
lea typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
cmp typethree typefive
jne typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
jmp typeseven
cmp typethree typefive
je typeseven
mov typeone typethree
sub typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
mov typeone typethree
cdqe
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typeone
movzx typeone typetwo
cmp typeeight typefive
jne typeseven
sub typethree typefive
mov typeone typethree
movsxd typeone typeone
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typeone
mov typetwo typefive
cmp typethree typefive
jne typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typefive
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typethree
sub typeone typeeight
je typeseven
call typesix
leave
ret