push typeone
mov typeone typeone
sub typeone typefive
mov typethree typeone
mov typethree typeone
mov typethree typefive
mov typethree typefive
cmp typethree typefive
ja typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeeight typefive
call typesix
mov typethree typefive
jmp typeseven
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typethree typeone
mov typethree typefive
mov typeone typethree
cmp typeone typefive
jae typeseven
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
mov typethree typefive
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typefive
mov typethree typeone
jmp typeseven
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
or typeone typefive
mov typethree typeone
mov typethree typefive
mov typethree typefive
mov typeone typefive
lea typeone typethree
xor typeone typeone
mov typeone typeone
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
cmp typethree typefive
jne typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeeight typefive
call typesix
mov typethree typefive
jmp typeseven
cmp typethree typefive
je typeseven
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
sub typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typeone
xor typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
sub typeone typefive
movsxd typeone typeone
movsx typeone typethree
cmp typeone typefive
jne typeseven
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typefive
mov typethree typeone
mov typeone typethree
movsxd typeone typethree
mov typethree typefive
cmp typethree typefive
jne typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeeight typefive
call typesix
mov typethree typefive
jmp typeseven
mov typethree typefive
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeeight typefive
call typesix
mov typethree typefive
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typefive
pop typeone
ret