endbr64
push typeone
push typeone
push typeone
sub typeone typefive
mov typeone typeeight
mov typethree typeone
xor typeone typeone
test typeone typeone
je typeseven
mov typeone typeone
mov typeeight typeone
lea typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typefive
add typeone typefive
cmp typeone typeone
jne typeseven
or typethree typefive
mov typetwo typefive
mov typethree typefive
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typeone
cmp typeone typefive
je typeseven
test typeone typeone
je typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typeone
movsxd typeone typeone
lea typeone typefour
cmp typetwo typefive
je typeseven
test typeone typeone
je typeseven
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typethree
sub typeone typeeight
jne typeseven
mov typeone typeone
add typeone typefive
pop typeone
pop typeone
pop typeone
ret
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typefive
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
jmp typeseven
call typesix