endbr64
push typeone
mov typeone typeone
sub typeone typefive
mov typethree typeone
mov typethree typeone
mov typethree typefive
mov typethree typefive
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
mov typeone typethree
add typethree typeone
cmp typethree typefive
jne typeseven
mov typeone typethree
sub typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typeone
movzx typeone typetwo
cmp typeeight typefive
je typeseven
add typethree typefive
mov typeone typethree
cmp typeone typethree
jb typeseven
cmp typethree typefive
jne typeseven
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
sub typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typeone
movzx typeone typetwo
cmp typeeight typefive
jne typeseven
mov typeone typethree
sub typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typeone
mov typetwo typefive
nop
leave
ret