push typeone
mov typeone typeone
sub typeone typefive
mov typethree typeone
mov typethree typeone
mov typethree typefive
mov typethree typefive
mov typeone typethree
cmp typeone typethree
jae typeseven
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typeone
xor typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typethree
mov typethree typeone
cmp typethree typefive
jne typeseven
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
sub typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
movsx typeone typethree
cmp typeone typefive
jne typeseven
jmp typeseven
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
add typeone typefive
mov typethree typeone
jmp typeseven
cmp typethree typefive
jne typeseven
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
sub typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
movsx typeone typethree
cmp typeone typefive
jne typeseven
mov typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
sub typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
mov typethree typefive
add typeone typefive
pop typeone
ret
nop typethree