push typeone
mov typeone typeone
sub typeone typefive
lea typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
xor typeone typeone
call typesix
movsx typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typethree typeeight
movsx typeone typethree
add typeone typefive
mov typeone typeone
mov typethree typeone
sub typeone typefive
ja typeseven
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
movsxd typeone typethree
add typeone typeone
jmp typeseven
cmp typethree typefive
je typeseven
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
call typesix
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typethree
mov typethree typeone
jmp typeseven
call typesix
jmp typeseven
xor typeone typeone
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
add typeone typefive
pop typeone
ret
nop typefour