push typeone
lea typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
xor typeone typeone
call typesix
call typesix
mov typeone typetwo
movsx typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
mov typethree typeeight
movsx typeone typeeight
add typeone typefive
cmp typeone typefive
ja typeseven
lea typeone typethree
movsxd typeone typethree
add typeone typeone
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
xor typeone typeone
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
pop typeone
ret
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
mov typethree typeone
pop typeone
ret
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
test typeone typeone
je typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
pop typeone
ret
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
pop typeone
ret
xor typeone typeone
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
xchg typeeight typeeight