endbr64
push typeone
lea typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
xor typeone typeone
call typesix
call typesix
movsx typeone typethree
mov typeone typetwo
mov typeone typethree
mov typethree typeeight
sub typeone typefive
cmp typeeight typefive
ja typeseven
lea typeone typethree
movzx typeone typeeight
movsxd typeone typethree
add typeone typeone
notrack typeeight
nop typefour
xor typeone typeone
call typesix
nop
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
pop typeone
ret
nop typefour
xor typeone typeone
pop typeone
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
pop typeone
ret
nop typefour
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
pop typeone
ret
nop typefour
mov typeone typethree
test typeone typeone
je typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
pop typeone
ret
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
cs typefour
lea typeone typethree
pop typeone
jmp typeseven