endbr64
push typeone
mov typeone typeone
push typeone
sub typeone typefive
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
movzx typeone typethree
movsx typeone typeeight
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typethree typeeight
movzx typeone typethree
movsx typeone typeeight
sub typeone typefive
cmp typeone typefive
ja typeseven
mov typeone typeone
lea typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typethree
cdqe
lea typeone typethree
add typeone typeone
notrack typeeight
mov typeone typethree
test typeone typeone
je typeseven
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typeone
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
nop
mov typeone typethree
leave
ret