endbr64
push typeone
lea typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
call typesix
movsx typeone typethree
mov typeone typetwo
mov typeone typethree
mov typethree typeeight
sub typeone typefive
cmp typeeight typefive
ja typeseven
movzx typeone typeeight
lea typeone typethree
movsxd typeone typethree
add typeone typeone
notrack typeeight
mov typeone typethree
test typeone typeone
je typeseven
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
jmp typeseven
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
pop typeone
ret
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typethree
lea typeone typethree
mov typetwo typeone
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typethree typeone
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
jmp typeseven
mov typeone typefive
call typesix
lea typeone typethree
call typesix
mov typeone typefive
call typesix